feat: add multiple attempts options to client.post API (#5176)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/client/client.md

    )
```

````{admonition} What errors can be handled by the callback
:class: caution
Callback can handle errors that are caused inside the Flow, it can be from an Executor raising an Exception or from the Gateway having connectivity errors with the Executors.
It will not receive errors of connectivity between the Client and the Gateway.
````

### Transient fault handling with retries

> `client.post()` accepts `num_retries` and `retry_delay` parameters to control the capacity to retry requests when a transient connectivity error occurs.

Reviewer: Can we expecitly explain what these two parameters control ?

Author: Okey, I will explain better

> This can help to overcome transient network connectivity issues.

Reviewer 2: it feels like we're hiding the retry mechanism on users. If it's meant to be the same for all protocols I'd decorate all `send_request` methods with the same decorator, otherwise say that in grpc it relies on grpc retry mechanism

Author: I will say

    )
```

> ````{admonition} What errors can be handled by the callback

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
````{admonition} What errors can be handled by the callback?
```

:class: caution
Callback can handle errors that are caused by Executors raising an Exception.

> It will not receive exceptions or from the Gateway having connectivity errors with the Executors or between the Client and the Gateway.

Reviewer 4: I don't understand this sentence :/

Author: that "networking" exceptions are not passed to the `on_error` callback, how could I better phrase this?

> Callback can handle errors that are caused by Executors raising an Exception.
> It will not receive exceptions or from the Gateway having connectivity errors with the Executors or between the Client and the Gateway.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Callbacks can handle errors that are caused by Executors raising an Exception.

A callback will not receive exceptions:
- from the Gateway having connectivity errors with the Executors.
- between the Client and the Gateway.
```

I'm not clear on the "or from" part here. Is this a typo? Regardless, I've changed it as best I can. Does the admonition box support bullets?

````

### Continue streaming when an error occurs

> `client.post()` accepts `continue_on_error` parameter. When set to True, `Client` will keep trying to send the following requests. `continue_on_error` parameter will only apply
> to Exceptions caused by Executor exceptions, but in case of network connectivity issues, an Exception will be raised.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`client.post()` accepts a `continue_on_error` parameter. When set to `True`, the Client will keep trying to send the remaining requests. The `continue_on_error` parameter will only apply
to Exceptions caused by an Executor, but in case of network connectivity issues, an Exception will be raised.
```

### Transient fault handling with retries

> `client.post()` accepts `max_attempts`, `initial_backoff`, `max_backoff` and `backoff_multiplier` parameters to control the capacity to retry requests, using exponential backoff strategy, when a transient connectivity error occurs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`client.post()` accepts `max_attempts`, `initial_backoff`, `max_backoff` and `backoff_multiplier` parameters to control the capacity to retry requests, when a transient connectivity error occurs, using an exponential backoff strategy, 
```

This can help to overcome transient network connectivity issues. 

The `max_attempts` determines the number of sending attempts, including the original request.

> The `initial_backoff`, `max_backoff`, and `backoff_multiplier` parameters determine the randomized delay before retry attempts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `initial_backoff`, `max_backoff`, and `backoff_multiplier` parameters determine the randomized delay in seconds before retry attempts.
```

> The `initial_backoff`, `max_backoff`, and `backoff_multiplier` parameters determine the randomized delay in seconds before retry attempts.

Reviewer: IMO this is still unclear in the documentation what this parameters actually do.

Maybe we should include a small example and explain when the client will retry to send the requests with respect to the given parameters

Author: I added the formula
